Add sealed secret chart (#8416)
helm/charts: stable/sealed-secrets/templates/NOTES.txt

You should now be able to create sealed secrets.

1. Install client-side tool into /usr/local/bin/

GOOS=$(go env GOOS)
GOARCH=$(go env GOARCH)
wget https://github.com/bitnami-labs/sealed-secrets/releases/download/$release/kubeseal-$GOOS-$GOARCH
sudo install -m 755 kubeseal-$GOOS-$GOARCH /usr/local/bin/kubeseal

2. Create a sealed secret file

> # note the use of `--dry-run` - this does not have the side effect of creating a secret in your cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# note the use of `--dry-run` - this does not create a secret in your cluster
```

kubectl create secret generic secret-name --dry-run --from-literal=foo=bar -o [json|yaml] | kubeseal --format [json|yaml] > mysealedsecret.[json|yaml]

The file mysealedsecret.[json|yaml] is a commitable file.

If you would rather not need access to the cluster to generate the sealed secret you can run

kubeseal --fetch-cert > mycert.pem

to retrieve the public cert used for encryption and store it locally. You can then run 'kubeseal --cert mycert.pem' instead to use the local cert e.g.

kubectl create secret generic secret-name --dry-run --from-literal=foo=bar -o [json|yaml] | kubeseal --format [json|yaml] --cert mycert.pem > mysealedsecret.[json|yaml]

3. Apply the sealed secret

kubectl create -f mysealedsecret.[json|yaml]

Running 'kubectl get secret secret-name -o [json|yaml]' will show the decrypted secret that was generated from the sealed secret.

> 

Reviewer: I suggest adding a mention here somewhere that the SealedSecret and Secret must use the same namespace/name (it's a security check to stop different users in the same cluster decrypting each other's SealedSecrets).  This is the # 1 confusion people encounter when using sealed-secrets for the first time.
